Concerns of the moment (not including whether we're going to do it at all):Player Alts This needs to be tracked I think.  Perhaps something along the lines of two characters up front, and if you want more, you have to get approval from a council, which grants characters, IC housing, IC appointments, etc.  If anybody's cought with more than their allotted characters, the offending characters are frozen, pending a good looking into by the council.  Wiz/Prog/Builder AmenitiesProgrammers and Builders should have a set quota for OOC amenities, something like 3 rooms, all connected to a central OOC wiz-home nexus.  Unconnected rooms being a major no-no.OOC SetupsAll OOC rooms connected, with wiz-only areas.  Perhaps a huge floating rock high above the valley.  The bottom being the player area, and the top being the wiz area.  The main OOC room being a large map of the valley laid out on a table, with couches and stuff laid out around it.  Meeting rooms, the library, and other OOC rooms laid out from that.GenericsI'd like to have as many 'generic' items as possible, to help those who can't describe objects, and to provide items that people readily identify.  I'd prefer players to not be able to create objects willy nilly, but I'd like to have some way for players to express their creativity.  Perhaps a system that would let the players define all the messages on it, and then send it to a builder for approval.  I currently have, in my posession, the 'Big book of beating ass' for the Whitewolf Storyteller system that has a bunch of weapon descriptions in it.I think having 20 or so different generic weapons would be a good target number, with 10-15 different message sets.Maybe 20 different clothing generics.  Generic tunics, pants, shoes, hats, etc.  Perhaps with a few options on them like color that would be called in the creation task.Ahabs and StorefrontsI'd like to have a coversation reactor setup, so builders could add bits of information to multiple ahabs, to get 'information' into the game.  You'd ask the ahab what they knew, and different ahabs would charge you different ammounts (if anything) for the information.I think that storefronts would be really good, and a really good way to get items into play.  Drop an item into an ahab/player storefront drop-box, and that item shows up on their for-sale list, modded for price (more expensive certain places).I think description-enclined players should be able to make a living creating items.  A seamstress would have an object like a loom, that would let them create clothing, set its messages and coverage, all under the ownership of a utility like Scrooge.BeastiesAlthough fanciful monsters are cool, down to earth monsters are more realistic.  If this was a computer-run world, there probably was a zoo, and snakes, bears, tigers, and leapords have probably escaped and made their home in the forests and hills of the valley.  Some other more fanciful monsters are cool, though, but would probably be scattered out a bit more, and would probably just be modifications of animals.  Mutated beavers, for example.InformationI'd like a command like finger, but only useable when OOC.  I'd prefer to have something like 'info' when IC, that summons up a list of information about a certain player.  Their name, race(?), class, and home location (generalized).  I realize it's a pain to track stuff that's that complicated, but it would be nice to show more information after you actually met them, perhaps based on a 'contacts/resources' skill.  High-point skills would be more obvious than low-point ones?  Or do we even want to let people see skills at all...  We can either show all the information, ala 'finger', or show them very little information.  With showing very little information, it would be easier to create a mysterious game world, where players and ahabs would be indestinguishable.Conflict ResolutionWe need definite rules, laid out in character creation, that show precisely what's allowed and what isn't, and what the penalties are.  Player killing is either allowed or not, none of this 'it's frowned on, but you can do it', for example.  As long as the players don't own their items, and have no access to @lock, we won't have to much of a problem with players whining about their items.  It will be fairly clear that because they died, they lost their stuff.  But do they loose everything?  Just their body survives?  Can they be bonded to items?  If somebody spends 10,000 gold pieces on a robe, they aren't going to want to have a punk just up and kill them, and take it.  Perhaps players should be able to buy protection?  Ahab bodyguards, or something.  Defend the player, and not initiate fights.Anyways, I'm rambling, but those are my thoughts for the night.  I'll read through this big book of beating ass, and see what I can find that strikes my fancy.BTW:My goals for the MOO are simple.  I want a MOO where a player can come in, and play a specific character in an online world, whether that player be a storekeeper, a bounty hunter, or a wandering mage.  Not be forced to sit and attack things all day long to up their stats so they don't have to worry about people attacking them, if they don't want to.  But people who _do_ sit around boosting all day, should be given some reward for that.Which bring up another idea.  How about IC trainers?  People who you pay a certain amount of money to, and they boost your stats.  Some, in larger towns, who have gained respectability, wouldn't train those of ill-repute, only those respectable in the community.  And what about law enforcement?  If somebody starts killing people in the town square, is somebody gonna come out and arrest them?  I think it would do alot of good to the MOO's civility factor if the players knew that if they started a rumble, they might get thrown in the tank, and possibly fined.  Leads to some good IC RP situations, also.