Some thoughts on various things that I'm thinking about.  I think.I started thinking about weather systems, and whether we wanted weather here, or not.  Originally, when I was a young and impressionable Ghostwheel programmer wannabe, I pondered weather systems outloud on the lists, and was decisively shot down by Razorhawk, in the name of 'cpu time'.  I've been thinking about weather quite a bit tonight, the pros and the cons of implimenting a weather system, and this is what I've come up with.On the pro-side, it adds greatly to the realism of the game world.  A game world that is always sunny and always warm doesn't have a whole lot of realism in it.  It's extremely lacking in realism, actually.  But since when have games been about realism?  Good question.  Weather is one of those things that effects all people.  It's a universal malady.  It destroys things of the rich, as well as the poor.  It rains on the good, and it rains on the bad.On the con-side, weather is an extremely broad thing.  It effects pretty much everything in the game world, from how fast you can move through an area to whether that dry creekbed is a raging torent.  If somebody's sleeping outside, and 5 feet of snow falls on them, what do we do?  Freeze em?  Kill em?  Wait for em to wake up, and let them try and get to safety?  I'm inclined to the latter, but I digress.It would be fairly easy to write a universal weather database, assuming we knew how large our valley was in rooms, we could compose some sort of fractal-ish storm layout program, which would dump rain in the summertime, and snow in the winter.  Escapism is an often considered reason for getting online, so I would also propose flipping our world orientation.  When it's summer in Austin, it's winter in our gameworld.  Since we have a real-time gameworld, people don't feel like they're just escaping to wherever they are.  I'm also starting to think that a new calendar would be in order.  Something with longer months, perhaps based on the phases of the moon.I'd like to seperate the mage/religions into several groups, the 'popular' group which would believe in life-energies, and generally the 'organic' mage types, and another more scientific, mechanically minded mage group.  The organic mages could worship the sky and the stars (and thus would set the calendar), while the mechanically minded would worship the ground, and the gigantic mechanical world beneth it.  Their holy places would be places where the mechanical components of the world beneath were exposed.  Of course, they would guard these, and perhaps great riches could be found underground, if one could only get there...